Miscellaneous
-------------

Write a Python program to calculate number of days between two dates.

Write a Python program to check whether a specified value is contained in a group of values.

Write a Python program to sum of three given integers. However, if two values are equal sum will be zero.

Write a Python program to solve (x + y) * (x + y)

Write a Python program to parse a string to Float or Integer.

Write a Python program to convert height (in feet and inches) to centimeters.

Write a Python program to convert all units of time into seconds.

Write a Python program to calculate the sum of the digits in an integer.

Write a Python program to sort three integers without using conditional statements and loops - use min() max()


String
------

Write a Python program that accepts a word from the user and reverse it. Hint: Use split() and list reverse()

Write a Python program that accepts a string and calculate the number of digits and letters. Hint: use split(), isdigit()

Write a Python program to check the validity of password input by users.
Validation :
	At least 1 letter between [a-z] and 1 letter between [A-Z].
	At least 1 number between [0-9].
	At least 1 character from [$#@].
	Minimum length 6 characters.
	Maximum length 16 characters.


Write a Python program to validate a IP address.
ex. 128.220.80.12 - valid
	128.450.213.900 - invalid



Conditionals
------------

Write a Python program to convert month name to a number of days.
Expected Output:
	List of months: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August
	, September, October, November, December                                
	Input the name of Month: February                                       
	No. of days: 28/29 days 


List
----

Write a Python program to check a list is empty or not.

Write a Python program to clone or copy a list.

Write a Python program to get the smallest number from a list.

Write a Python program access the index of a list.


Write a Python program to input a number, if it is not a number generate an error message.

Write a Python program to remove the first item from a specified list

Write a Python program to remove the last item from a specified list

Write a Python program to remove the middle item from a specified list

Write a Python program to find the index of an item in a specified list.

Write a Python program to find the second largest number in a list. Without using loop. Hint: use max and replace

Write a Python program to check whether a list contains a sublist.


Dictionary
----------

Write a Python script to concatenate following dictionaries to create a new one.
	Sample Dictionary : 
	dic1={1:10, 2:20} 
	dic2={3:30, 4:40} 
	dic3={5:50,6:60}
	Expected Result : {1: 10, 2: 20, 3: 30, 4: 40, 5: 50, 6: 60}

 Write a Python script to check if a given key already exists in a dictionary.

 Write a Python program to sum all the values in a dictionary. Hint: Can be solved without loops. Use sum()

 Write a Python program to remove a key from a dictionary.

 Write a Python program to get the maximum and minimum value in a dictionary. Hint: use sort()

 Write a Python program to check a dictionary is empty or not.

 Write a Python program to find the highest 3 values in a dictionary.